the Hamas has fired two powerful Rockets
towards Israel the Israeli Army says one
struck near the southern Resort city of
aat about 220 km from Gaza it is the
longest range attack by Hamas since
fighting broke out on October the 7th
the group has claimed responsibility and
there are no reports of casualties at
this stage Israeli media is reporting
that another rocket exploded in midair
near the northern city of hia Teresa Bo
is live for us in ashad that's about
midway between Tel Aviv and the Northern
end of the Gaza Strip Teresa what's the
latest where you
are well every day there's Rockets being
fired from Gaza uh towards Israel and
most of them are intercepted by Israel's
defense system the iron doome some of
them can be deadly though in this case
what we know is that alasan brigades
announced in in a statement that they
launched a Rockets towards the southern
city of aad that's over 300 km away from
where we are that's the longest range
that a rocket has gone so far the other
thing that we've been hearing is that
the Israeli military claims that they
have foiled an attempt to infiltrate
Israel from the sea apparently there was
a shaft with Palestinian Fighters that
Israel was able to intercept they were
coming out of Gaza two Palestinian
Fighters were killed during that
operation according to Israel and this
is happening while there's been hundreds
of thousands of soldiers that have been
deployed all around this area hundreds
of Tanks all in a way located outside of
gasa getting ready for this anticipated
ground operation that's supposed to be
happening soon it's not clear yet why
it's being delayed it could be the over
200 uh captives that are currently being
in in Gaza that the negotiations are
ongoing also the influence of the United
States that is increasing military
assets in the region in case that there
is a broader conflict what is what's
been going on is that this delay has
also tensed the relations between the
government and the Minister of Defense
while the minister of defense is saying
that the troops are ready to go in the
government in a way is not giving the
order and that of course generates lots
of tension here in this part of the
country meanwhile the air strikes that
we have seen continue in Gaza one after
the other with mounting civilian C
casualties an enormous humanitarian
crisis in the in the country right now
with you know our colleagues reporting
on the desperate need of Palestinians
living there it's not clear yet what
type of an offensive it's going to be
whether it's going to be a massive
offensive or Special Operation rats
that's something that we've been hearing
just a few days ago there was a special
operation not far away from where we are
one Israeli soldier was killed during
that special operations in inside Gaza
and that's why in a way what shows how
challenging this whole operation could
be alaz is Teresa Bo reporting from
ashdod thank you very much Teresa